[Author's Note: This is my gift to BlackRushFlash, I'm pretty sure that robux or a limited (something material) would probably be better than this but I got no money or anything, and I guess my only talent and thing I like to do is writing. I loved making this, spent a lot of time making it so I hope you enjoy!]

"Black Widow Saves Christmas"
A Christmas Story Gifted to BlackRushFlash from Acrips

It was a cold day in the area of Vernox, as the snow was slowly falling on December 24th. A white Christmas it would be. Christmas. Oh, how wonderful it is. With the children running down their staircase on the morning of Christmas to see what they got, hoping to get everything they wanted and hopefully not a lump of charcoal. The adults, grasping their novels sitting by the fireplace reading their stories as the warm, red and orange fire comforts them while the Christmas tree lights up like a child opening a birthday present. But this wasn't the same for Rick. They called him BlackRushFlash. Nobody knew his real identity, but they always relied on him to fight back the evils of the area of Vernox, the superhuman place where anything can happen. The city was progressive in forms of technology and economically. Any stock trader or invester would yearn for the city of Vernox. But, Vernox had a huge crime rate. Normal crime would be easy to stop for the police department. But, the supernatural beings, known as The Bandits would always be attacking different areas of the city. These beings had powers not known to man until now, and they always had new recruits and new methods to ruin the city of Vernox. Now, you ask, why hasn't Vernox been plundered to garbage with all these criminals? That's where BlackRushFlash comes in. Some also call him by his street name, Black Widow. Black Widow is known for helping Vernox fighting it's worst criminals. Without Black Widow the city would be doomed.

But, one day the city faced a new doom. The Bandits' new robot, R88. He was not like any other one of The Bandits. This bot was programmed not to cause mischief in the city, but to ruin the holiday everyone loved. R88 was planned to steal all the gifts from people's houses and bring them back to The Bandits. R88 was caught by a witness, and sent to jail once before, but he found a way to escape. The police were able to find the files of R88 that The Bandits had idiotically left on an open network. 

Black Widow was siting by the fireplace, staring at a picture of him, his wife, and his children. How he wished to see them. All of a sudden, his watch starting buzzing. That meant something strange was happening! Black Widow pressed a button, and his suit popped onto him. Black Widow hopped on his horse, Panther and sped off into the night. He stopped at the fire department. That's where the signal was coming from. As Black Widow, waltzed through the door, he stopped dead in his tracks, to see what he feared to see. The powerful, R88.

Thankfully for Black Widow, R88 did not see him. Black Widow tip-toed into the other room, smashed the glass, and pounced onto R88. The bot was quicker. The bot escaped under Black Widow with a bag - it was the toys that were being donated to the homeless children! Black Widow chucked a blast grenade at R88. A blast grenade is a special explosive that will do damage to all of The Bandits. All the superhumans have this quality and somehow all of their robot have a chip that blast grenades can kill them. Black Widow always carries a good stock of blast grenades with him at all times. It's gotten him kicked out of many public places, but safety is always key. Black Widow chucked a blast grenade at R88, and it hit him right in the neck. Wires fizzed, but other than that did not do much else. The grenade fell to the floor, and exploded in the middle of the Vernox Fire Department. Black Widow raced out of the fire department, saddled up Panther and headed in the direction R88 was going, but couldn't catch up. Black Widow was puzzled. The Blast Grenade was his best weapon. He knew he was going to need some help to catch this bot, and to save Christmas.

Blackrushflash had rode Panther back to his house and started up his Slate Grey Cadillac. He drove for a few hours out to an abandoned warehouse that looked like it's prior usage was transporting goods in and out of Vernox. The warehouse had seen better times. Blackrushflash parked his Cadillac outside in the run-down parking lot. Lightning struck a nearby valley as Blackrushflash entered the factory. Three pairs of eyes stared him down.
It was just as Blackrushflash wanted.

"Who the hell are you?" one voice said

Blackrushflash reached into his pocket and pulled out a mini flashlight and turned it on, illuminating his face.

One man turned the light switch on with an astonished look on his face.

Another man walked out of the room in the back, wearing a black leather coat, and ripped jeans.

"Hello, Black Widow, my old friend! What brings you back to the shackles where I trained you?"

"We meet again, Viper, I see. There is something I need from you." Black Widow replied

Blackrushflash tossed Viper a flash drive. Viper plugged it in to his HP Envy Laptop and it projected onto the screen. A hologram of R88 was projected onto the screen.

"This bot." Blackrushflash stood up "Is a R-Type bot that will not be affected by blast grenades or any light or heavy firing weapon."

Viper took a puff from his cigarette. "That's unusual. We haven’t seen anything like this before."

"Neither have I." Blackrushflash continued "Which is why we need to work together. R88 is plotting to steal all the Christmas gifts in Vernox, and selling them. I also noticed that he was fitting explosives to some of the gifts also. I fear that he may be using to plot chaos on Vernox." 

"This is some serious stuff you got." Viper stood up, "You got a plan?"

"Hell yea, I do." Blackrushflash exclaimed. 

Blackrushflash walked back to his Cadillac and pulled out a blue duffel bag from the trunk. He entered the warehouse, and un-zipped the bag. Inside of the bag were six gifts.
"We are going to use the gifts to attract R88's attention and plot a plan to stop him. The blue eight bit gift has a geolocater on which R88 will not find as he doesn't open any of the presents. We can figure out his location and raid his operation."

"What about the other five?" Viper asked.

"The Peppermint Throwback gift will be detonated when we go for the raid, distracting R88 and giving us an advantage." Blackrushflash explained

"The gift of Peppermint Lights" Blackrushflash continued, "Will be firing lasers in directions including up, to let us enter the place where R88 is and to hopefully injure the bot."

The man in the corner stood up. "If we can't defeat R88 with Blast Grenades, how are these gifts going to work?"

Blackrushflash held up a gift with ice wrapping paper. "This gift will decrease the temperature of the room to hopefully disable the bot. All bots have a freezing point of - 5000 degrees. While this gift cannot freeze that far, it should be enough to at least stop R88 for a while."

"The other two gifts will be used to attract police attention. One will call the Vernox Police Department, and one will call the Vernox Special Police Squad." Blackrushflash whispered as he placed all six gifts onto a table.

Blackrushflash turned back to the men. "We only got a couple hours to do this. Christmas is tommorow, and we need these gifts out before then, meaning we need to start now. Viper, take all six gifts and place it under the City Hall tree. R88 has lookout droids to see if anything is under the tree, and he will be alerted. Guy in the black jacket, get a live feed of the gifts. If all goes well, we should have this done before midnight."

Viper grabbed the six gifts, shoved them into the duffel bag and drove off with them in his Ford F-150. Blackrushflash got his suit from his car and changed into it. He was just coming out of the bathroom when the gifts started receiving a signal from R88. It seemed that the bot had taken the gifts and was heading off to his hideout. 

It was at this time Viper came back. Viper got in his suit and the other men strapped themselves with assault rifles. All men had a heavy supply of ammunition, blast grenades, and lazers to distract the bots. The men got their walkie talkies in sync and headed off in two cars, Viper and Black Widow in one car, and the others in another. The red minivan with Viper and Black Widow sped off as the other men in another white van went in a different direction. Black Widow drove onto the local road as Viper tracked the gifts from his laptop. 

"It seems that R88 has stopped moving." Viper said in a croaky voice when they were at an intersection. "42 West Walley Lane, just off A-89." Black Widow hit the speed and started heading on the A-89 to the gifts. Viper got on the walkie talkie network and alerted the others where to go. It felt like seconds later that they reached the address where R88 was located.

The place was a farmhouse, still being used by the looks of it, with corn in the back. The others arrived a couple minutes later. They walked to the door to see it was locked. Black Widow counted to three and broke open the door, setting off alarms. Viper pressed the button to detonate the Peppermint Throwback gift to distract R88. The gift dazed him, making him fall down to the floor, but he got up and tried to attack one of the men. Unfortunately, R88 was underestimated. R88 easily overpowered two of the other men and beat them up. Viper hit R88 with the butt of his rifle, knocking R88 off the men. One ran, but the other was unconscious. Viper began to fire at R88, and chucked a blast grenade. R88 pounced at Viper, but Viper was faster. Black Widow pushed the button for the Peppermint Lights gift. R88 was now on the floor, with a laser peirced through his chest, damaging some wires, but sadly not hitting the core. R88's iron outer armor opened up, revealing the core of the bot. Quickly, Black Widow chucked a blast grenade into R88's circuit board, exploding it and damaging the bot. Viper fired at the bot's core, shutting it down.

The man who ran off regrouped with the two heroes, and helped drag the unconscious one to the minivan. The man who was in the black jacket drove off with him. Viper and Black Widow searched the area, and did not find any more reinforcements. They found a chest full of gifts, and hauled it to the van, and drove off to City Hall with them. The gifts would be placed at City Hall for the annual opening, where the gifts for different people were given to them. It was an odd system compared to other parts of the country or the world, but it was how Vernox worked.

It was five on Christmas Morning when Viper and Black Widow got to City Hall. Tired, they hauled the chest of gifts from the van and placed it under the huge, brightly lit tree. The duo was so exhausted that they fell down right on top of the chest. It was a mission success for the old friends reunited.

== Epilogue ==
It was Christmas Morning, and Black Widow was awoken by kids running to City Hall to get their gifts. Black Widow shook Viper up and told him to leave quickly. Nobody should know the horrors that R88 did. As the duo drove away, they could see the kids' happy face tearing open their gifts. 

One boy, who most people called White was sitting, alone, until his mom found a gift for him and gave it to the shy boy. The boy carefully and quietly opened the gift with icy wrapping paper, and saw his new action figure, the action figure which he would love for life.

The action figure was an R-88 action figure, and it came with Black Widow and Viper characters. 

To this day, people hear rumors about Black Widow and Viper and how they saved Christmas.

THE END   
